I said I wouldn't hand Xi Xi over
To any of you
Do you know what she's most afraid of?
Do you know
What can't she bear the most?
Since she was born
Been scolded by her father
Her mother
Treated her like an item
But at your house
Just a toy
Have you ever looked straight at
Do you like her?
You just like her
Like liking a toy
Or like her
Like liking a younger sister
Like a husband's love for his wife
You can't even explain it yourself?
Only me
The person who lives in the same world as her
Gu Yan Chen, I kill you
I know
I love Xi Xi
Not like for the toy
I really
Want to be a family with her
Men's love for women
I will also spend the rest of my life
To protect Xi Xi
I, Gu Yan Chen
Forever, forever
Don't leave Xi Xi alone
I will be
With Xi Xi forever